
Lavanya Botcha
5 reviews
8 months ago
The doctors specially (Srinivas Garu) very professional and taking very good care of each and every patient. The nursing staff was very attentive and taking good care throughout my stay .best recommended



Virothi Santhosh kumar
1 review
4 months ago
We are camed to the pavan sai hospital for the treatment of my mother suffering with high fever and low bp the hospital management received very politly and trated very well with varing and staff are good and clening is very well and satifactfied thanku for our us caring


Asgar Ali Sayed
Local Guide·68 reviews·59 photos
4 months ago
Pavansai Hospital is located on Uppal road. Good doctors and good facilities are available



sai pavan
3 reviews
2 years ago
Very Co-operative staff and understands patients problem very well. Very Good hospital and Good service. Really great to have this kind of hospital with service oriented mindset which is providing quality treatment to poor people 🙏🙏



Shivani Kundukuri
1 review
6 years ago
Dr Srinivas Reddy sir is the best physiotherapist. With his excellent physiotherapy exercises, He helped me in speedy recovery.
He not only does best physiotherapy exercises but also motivates and inspires patients to do them regularly.
I cannot express my gratitude in words.thank you very much sir.
I recommend the needy.



Sushmitha Balavani
1 review
3 years ago
I have admitted in hospital for neurogenic tumour surgery, I am very happy with the treatment and caring of Hospital staff.
I was referred to Dr. Srinivas Goud Sir and Dr. Srikanth sir. They are very humble and patient friendly.
My suggestion is 100% patients friendly hospital.



Raghupathi Ch
1 review
7 years ago
I visited this hospital for the treatment of my brother's severe injury/critical bone fracture Dr. A.S.Goud was studied my brother's problem carefully and discussed solution with my father and me. After surgery, most of staff members are taken care for my brother earliest recovery and they are dedicative natured. Dr. Goud is also providing excellent support to poor patients .So, I strongly recommend this doctor and his hospital for specially Orthopaedic cases.



Ashoka Bommera
4 reviews
5 years ago
Pavan Sai Hospital

My Brother is admitted due to Bone fracture.
He is very happy in service and caring of Hospital staff.
I spoke to Doctor Srinivas Gous Sir, he is very humble and patient friendly.
He is explain conditions and treatment very transparent manner.
My suggestion is 100% patients friendly hospital 👍



Suhas Sh
2 reviews
6 years ago
Dr Srinivas Reddy is an excellent physiotherapist. He is very much experienced in his field and has got an extraordinary knowledge. He uses best and latest/advanced physiotherapy techniques which is suited for patients with different post operative conditions and also diseases/disorders.
With his outstanding physiotherapy techniques he helped my wife to recover faster after an operation for fracture mid-shaft of humerus.
I insist people who are in need of help to meet him.

Dr Suhas



SSR
Local Guide·30 reviews·21 photos
6 years ago
Excellent treatment in Pavan Sai Hospitals and provides Value for the Money. Aleti Srinivas Goud garu is the best Orthopaediac Surgeon in City and also experianced Staff. Employee can use/claim Medical Insurence Also. Thank You Srinivas Sir



Madhusudhan J
Local Guide·21 reviews
3 years ago
I have admitted in hospital for Arthroscopic surgery, I am very happy in service, treatment and caring of Hospital staff.
I consulted to Dr. Srinivas Goud Sir, he is very humble and patient friendly.
My suggestion is 100% patients friendly hospital 👍



Meghana Megha
2 reviews
7 years ago
Healthy atmosphere, Hygiene standards highly following hospital, Service is excellent, friendly staff, we can found anticipatory service here.
Great effort Dr. Srinivas


